a little unboxing because you know
because you know I love it in 20 the 20
book on opposed to you know you saw my
lap and all that you know okay not
everybody likes my web pops like I
Democrats because i like it your apps
you know because i cannot keep under
your boxes in with you you know I don't
get that many games so yeah you know my
son awesome graph you know I might look
kid my bleep super mess with me mike
ross ave to shoot yeah anyway anyway oh
yeah oh yeah look at the hella tight
like I sewed up we have time even
breathe deep baby beets in pretty you
know I wouldn't ever want to play this
up all the way back on the n64 get it
was awesome so just to get the points
you get the manual check out what does
the manual have to get waste I don't
know why it is gonna put this bill
dindin and all games you know oh my gosh
look at that look at that this is a nice
man Ewing on it unfolds like that very
nice very nice indeed oh my god there's
a game baby that's coke you know this is
this isn't this is gay muskoka know look
at that beauty oh my god come on let's
put it in oh ye oh ye let's put it in
let's put it bring out your enemy don't
have some fun let's go eat chocolate
but it is really unbelievable how good
this looks oh my god in gorgeous 3d as
well you cannot obviously cannot see it
but I can see and it's amazing you know
on the bottom screen you have the whole
menu here so you don't have to open
anymore look at that control link with
the analog stick oh good god this game
looks better than it did on the n64 even
now this is something that you gotta
check out look at you can press L okay
you go into links view and check it out
if you move the 3gs that you can look
around just by moving the three dias and
isn't this amazing this is just one of
the many awesome improvements this game
gods I came like I'm honest labor slam
my feet my soul inside of my hand but
now we are of course at the very
beginning of the game we need to find a
sword and a shield so we can go to the
deck or treat now I don't really don't
want to reveal much because this is just
a preview I don't want any spoilers
going out but you know this is just
gorgeous look at that link and swim this
is so much better than original oh my
god this is just gorgeous gorgeous you
got sure you got traitor you got a big
adventure on fun of unity save your
energy you know link come on come on you
gotta chill out while this guy's papa
hike where he could be one in the show
this is the first time I play Link's
Awakening and i gotta say i am really
impressed with his game I have no idea
that it is actually this good you know I
obviously knew links awake and it's
going to be a good game because every
zelda game is a good game but this is
proper height class quality oh my God
look at this dude right here hell yeah
now my still can be extra powerful I
don't know why every time you get this
peril up you know they have to tell you
about it like I know I sleep with me
coming double double trouble postal
messing up our check Oh God but give me
the paddles so you get my no God please
no no no fix no there you go that was
always held a little tiny little piggy
unboxing / mayhem